---
layout: page
title: On Book Summaries
---

Greetings all! I have not forgotten and abandoned my website like one of the many projects I wish I could get to and sometimes never can find the time to do. Part of it is probably the fact that I've made this public and now I'm obligated to at least make the site something other than a monolith to my procrastination. I swear I'm not procrastinating, life just comes at you fast! That's not why I'm writing though. I wanted to say that I am taking book updates off of the main page and just posting them to my "Book Summaries" page. I'm thinking it's going to get awfully crowded if I start posting every book summary I write on my home page. 

I have probably read or listened to about 40 or 50 books since I started listening to audio books in 2017. I'll need to count, and it's short of where I wish I could be which is more like 20 to 30 books every year. It's not that I never read before that, I just didn't read that much, and honestly, audio books are one of the best investments I've ever made. I listen to fiction, non-fiction, audio dramas, all of it. The only downside to audio books is that I usually listen while I'm driving and can't take notes I sometimes wish so desperately to do. Still, despite what I miss out on in notes, I want to share some of these books and the basics of their premise in the hopes that others will be persuaded into reading them as well.

I'm going to try hard to not only post more book reviews, but make more posts about stuff I have worked on. I participated in the SANS Holiday Hack this year and it was pretty awesome. I already have the screenshots from my playthrough, I just need to get the post done. That and I have a couple reverse engineering and exploit books (oh god more books!) that I might write about as I learn more about said subjects. Those might help me get more code done as well, which is also lacking. Man, I'm such a slacker... ;)

Anyway, in the future, if you want to see more book stuff go on over to the [Books](../Books/) link, and hopefully I will have more posted there very soon. I'll also try to write more too, because it's important to me to be a creator and not just a consumer. For myself and my own personal growth, and for others who might be interested.